Add folder lock API announcement (#49)
box/box-developer-changelog: content/2020/10-26-new-folder-lock-apis-now-available.md

---
applied_at: "2020-10-26"
applies_to: 
- api
is_impactful: false
is_new_feature: true

> collapse: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collapse: false
```

show_excerpt: true
release_source_url: ''
---

# New Folder Lock APIs now available

> A new collections of APIs have been released to allow developers to lock move

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new collections of APIs have been released to allow developers to prevent move
```

> A new collections of APIs have been released to allow developers to lock move

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new collections of APIs have been released to prevent developers to lock move
```
This might be a better way to describe what locking is without using the word lock?

Author: Adjusted it to flow a little differently: A new collections of APIs have been released to permit the restriction of move
and delete actions on folders

and delete operations on folders. New [API reference][e_post] and
[guides][g_post] have been made available to help create and manage you folder
locks.

To create a lock on a folder to prevent it from being moved or deleted, supply

> the ID of a folder to the `folder_locks` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ID of a folder to the `POST /folder_locks/` endpoint.
```

```curl
curl -i -X POST "https://api.box.com/2.0/folder_locks" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>" \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{
       "folder": {
         "type": "folder",
         "id": "33552487093"
       }
     }'
```

Additional API endpoints are available to allow a developer to list all locks

> on a given folder, or to delete an existing folder lock with a folder lock ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a given folder, or to remove an existing folder lock from a folder.
```

* **Create a folder lock**: [Guide][g_post] | [API Reference][e_post]
* **List all locks on a folder**: [Guide][g_get] | [API Reference][e_get]

> * **Delete a folder lock**: [Guide][g_del] | [API Reference][e_del]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Remove a folder lock**: [Guide][g_del] | [API Reference][e_del]
```
